this morning I wanted to show you an
idea I got of making a fishing setup a
baitcaster if you will one that will fit
in your pocket or your pack and you
start out with I like using McCormick's
start out with the McCormick's spice
bottle is you can find the kind without
flip lid use those but if not no big
deal the reason for that is you'll
you'll see here clearly but you can see
the shape of the bottle it's wider at
the bottom it's got a narrow neck and
then a little bit wider at the top and
what you end up with is something like
this I've just added some tape just to
have the tape what I've done on the top
where the flip is I've sanded that off
and then put tape around it just so I
have a smooth fitting all the way around
the bottle and then I've added some
braided fishing line to the narrowed
recessed part of it this is a 65 pound
test braided line can be used for a lot
of things other than just fishing and
then inside it you can store all your
supplies I've got some foam can be used
for floats if you need it it's just foam
to cut up from pipe insulation and then
there's some split shot that's going all
over the place there let me do it in my
hand and let's split shot sinkers a
little bit of extra fishing line wrapped
on a sewing bobbin a float
a few more floats and a bunch of fishing
hooks various sized fishing hooks and
what you do is remove a rubber band here
you attach your your fishing gear to the
to the line that's on there put your lid
back on and you now have a bait caster
and I'll show you that works in just a
second what I've done here now is I've
added a large float to it just so that
you can see how it works but basically
you've got your line wrapped around
there you just put your thumb lightly on
there and with a flick of the wrist you
just cast that let's see how it works
real gets the big